hey guys Sammy and I'm me and today we
will be making really easy California
rolls at home this is a great way for
you to save money and have delicious
food so that will tell you what you need
to get started to start you'll need
seaweed wrap and then you'll need
imitation crab meat and you want to
shred them up like this so use my hands
for this
Duncan job vegetables you'll need a ripe
avocado and some cucumbers and then
you'll need mayonnaise Japanese
mayonnaise is better but plain maintains
it's good too and then you'll need
vinegar and sugar yes so on it oh is it
soy sauce and of course for dipping
you'll need sushi soy sauce this is a
not your regular cooking soy sauce
because it's a little too salty so you
need these sushi soy sauce which tastes
better yes so let's get started guys in
a small bowl mix 3 tablespoons of rice
wine vinegar and 2 tablespoons of
granulated sugar we've already warmed
this mixture over the stove so if you
want to do the same or you can pop it
into the microwave to melt the sugar
with the vinegar pour this mixture into
2 cups of cooked rice and mix very well
with a spoon when that's done put it
aside and mix 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise
with one cup of imitation crab meat
place your seaweed wrap onto a cutting
board cover your seaweed with the rice
but you want to leave half an inch of
the slab uncovered so that you can seal
it later next add your crab meat your
avocado your cucumbers and arranges in a
straight line
fold the edge of your sea weed over the
filling and gently roll it dab some
water on your nori this will help CL
your roll then cut your roll into
bite-sized pieces now if you want your
rice on the outside to simply take your
rice and place it on the plastic wrap
spread the rice over the plastic wrap
and make sure it's about the same size
as the nori which is the seaweed place
them all over their rice and gently Pat
it down this will help the rice stick to
the nori once again add your imitation
crab and your wonderful vegetables and
roll away remember to pull the plastic
away from the rice while you're rolling
it because you don't want to roll it
with the plastic we forgot to mention
this earlier but when you cut your sushi
make sure your blade is wet because you
don't want the rice to stick onto the
blade okay so here's the finished
product and these are my beautiful rolls
guys right over here stick for you and
of course the famous dipping sauce soy
sauce a lot of people like to eat sushi
with Zakir but I was making it with this
tea I got from superstore this is in
aqua beauty it's so yummy you guys can
probably find your Asian rice and she
didn't even buy me one she bought one
for herself
Oh nope stinks so everything stuck in my
face see we know so this is a great
thing to do if you have friends over and
you want to get together and do
something really fun mm-hmm and it's
really good
do it go chance it's fun to make and
it's mostly it's is an Emmy you know
nothing to do with delicious so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I'll
talk to you in another one
we will talk to another one ok we will
talk to you another way
by